# Development Process

Week of 11/11:
In this week, I was figuring out what openframeworks libraries that I wanted to use. I definitely decided on using ofSound, but I was unsure of what other libraries that I wanted to use. I also watched videos on openframeworks to get a better understanding of how it works. I then started to experiment with openframeworks to see what I could do. I also implemented some classes and added some methods and variables that I thought I would be using later on when making my project.

Week of 11/18: (Thanksgiving Break)
I managed to figure out how to move an image graphically on the screen. After that I attempted to move my character by a fixed interval when I pressed the w,a,s,d keys. Once I was able to get that working, I started trying to "link" my 25x25 battlefield array to the graphics. So when the character moves graphically, they also move in the battlefield array. A managed to restrict the movement of Alexander on the graphical battlefield.

Week of 11/25:
I implemented a way for the player to select a character on the battlefield and move them. After that, I started to work on creating buttons. The first button that I ended up creating was the attack button. After that I started to implement my ConductBattle and IsValidAttack functions so that characters on the battlefield could attack each other. I also ended up removing the Warrior class because it was unnecessary. I also decided to make my battlefield 10x10 instead of 25x25 to make games more simple and quicker.

Week of 12/2:
This week I restricted the amount of moves a character can make on the battlefield through the steps_per_turn variable. In addition to that, characters can now kill each other and once a character's health is less than or equal to zero, they are removed from the battlefield. I also restricted the number of attacks per turn to one attack per turn. I added update and resize buttons to my Button class so that whenever a button is clicked, there will be a simple resize animation to show that the button was clicked. I then added a way to display the current turn. So the game would display HERO TURN or ENEMY TURN to indicate which characters can make their moves during that turn and at the start of the turn the character's boosted stats are reset to normal. I also added the ability to click on a character and display information about that character to the screen so the player can see what abilities that character has.

Week of 12/9:
In this week, I cleaned up my code and optimized it using the Google C++ style guide. Then, I implemented blocked positions on the 2d array. In these blocked positions, I added rocks so that characters on the battlefield could take cover and use them strategically to defeat the opponent. Next, I implemented the rest of my characters and added them to the battlefield. Since I've already implemented Alexander perfectly, this was a mostly trivial task. I just had to modify their stats, special skill, and strong attack. In addition to that, I added sounds when a character is attacking and a small animation when a character takes damage. Whenever a character takes damage from an attack, a red box will appear around the character indicating that they were hit. Afterwards, I implemented the GAME_OVER state. After all the heroes or enemies die, the game is over and I display a message on the screen saying "HEROES WIN" or "ENEMIES WIN". With that I have successfully completed my project.
