# Project Proposal
**Ultimate Adventure**
I plan to create a graphical strategy game using object-oriented programming and polymorphism. The libraries that are necessary for the game are the openframeworks audio library and the 2D graphics library. This game will be a 2D strategy game where the user will command the heroes to defeat the enemies on the map. On the map there will be various obstacles such as walls and rocks to help the player defend their heroes and plan their attacks. Each map will be a 25x25 grid with various obstacles and enemies placed randomly.
The heroes consist of the warrior, mage and archer classes. Each of these hero moves and attacks in a different manner. Heroes in the warrior class will only be able to move one square in all directions and they will only be able to attack enemies adjacent to their current location. Mages move like the warrior class, but they are able to attack enemies two squares away. Archers are able to move two squares in all directions except diagonally. They are also able to attack enemies two squares away.
The enemies consist of the dark knights, flying monsters, and dark mages. The dark knights function similar to warriors, but are more defensive and tanky. Flying monsters can fly over obstacles and can move two squares  from all directions. They are able to attack heroes that are in adjacent squares. Dark mages function similarly to hero mages, but have more attack power and less defense.
Each character has their own individual color. Each character can either be red, green, or blue. Red characters are effective against green characters, green characters are effective against blue characters, and blue characters are effective against red characters. There is also a white color which is completely neutral. They have no weakness or advantages against other colors.
As for the controls, to move a hero character on the map the user simply needs to click and drag the hero to their desired location. If that location is valid, the move will be made, else the move will not be made. To attack an enemy, the player will have to drag the hero over the enemy to perform an attack. I may decide to add special moves, but as of right now I'm attempting to keep the game simple and straightforward.
Like stated above, the main goal in the game is for the heroes to successfully defeat all enemies on a given map. I plan on making several maps each consisting of different obstacles and enemies. I will also attempt to add in attack animations and sound effects when an attack occurs.
